===== /workspace/sources/documents/jumbo/Time-Based ranges Framework (JJumbo).pdf PAGE 24/38 =====
Expectations (section e.)
“Refer to (section b. Market Conditions)”

In this section, we will see how to adjust our expectations based on conditions.
This is also important as it will dictate the outcome of your trades management
it will be useful to limit unnecessary losses, roundtrip trades, lock-in profits at
the right time.

Based on what we talked about in the previous section (“market conditions”)
we will adopt different approaches on the framework.

Extended Overnight Session (6am -9pm) usually present on 8:30 red folder news

    Targets
Targets in these conditions will be limited to the high and low of the overnight range
until lunch time.
Having an extended overnight range, these targets will suffice for the entirety of the AM
session, price will be slower and harder to engage in the market
    Risk
Risk should be considerably moderated, invalidations for you entries will be a lot larger
than usual depending on your entry model.
Price actin will be grindy for the most part with deep retracements knocking you out of
your position.


Range-bound price action leading to news days
  Targets
Targets in these conditions will be limited to the high and low of the overnight range or
inner range levels in case of outside of range openings
A scalping approach should be adopted with in and outs and considerably reduced
Risk/Reward trades
  Risk
Risk should be considerably moderated, invalidations for you entries will be a lot larger
than usual depending on your entry model.
Price actin will be grindy for the most part with deep retracements knocking you out of
your position.

Expansive days - favourable market conditions
    Targets
Targets in these conditions should be exponentially higher, higher projections of the
range will be highly probable allowing you to hold positions for longer, here is where you
want to compound on your winners and let runners run.
Risk/Reward increases and price action will be a lot easier to engage.
    Risk
Risk can be increased, and multiple entry opportunities will be provided.
In case of being knocked out of your position, a re - entry is considered to be plausible
due to fast and one-directional price action.                  RMC Strategy